# instantMessage_weixin
### Design
&nbsp;&nbsp; An instant messaging app based on leancloud, which is completed with reference to GleaHub on leanhatat. It has single chat, group chat, multimedia messaging, nearby people, friends circle, personal center and other functions.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp; The project focuses on simple use, aiming to communicate and eliminate cumbersome redundancies. The project implements user login,registration, cancellation, recovery of password services; search, add and delete friends, pull friends list and view friend's online status, visit friend's homepage, add friend function based on geographical location; single chat and group chat function. Users can send rich media messages such as texts, voices, pictures, and geographic locations. They can pull chats or send red envelopes to interact with each other. At the same time, they can add a friend circle function, users can leave a message, like it, and the log will show the user's Views and Likes. The project has added a personal center. Users can use this module to perform message alert settings, online status settings, version updates, access to personal homepages, and access to personal wallets. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp; This project is based on LeanCloud development and design a simple social software on the Android platform. The software is developed using Java language, data storage and instant messaging use LeanCloud's cloud backend. In order to adapt to different devices (mobile phones and tablets), the project uses Fragment technology to make the program more reasonable and full use of the screen. Use EventBus to transfer data between components of an application, and between components and background threads. Pass the signal through Handler mechanism to carry on the communication between Activity. By dynamically changing icons, different effects before and after operation are displayed. Reduce network traffic with local caching technology. The ACL permission setting is used to improve database security, and the session channel security is improved through signature authentication and SHA1 algorithm. By improving the MD5 algorithm, the rainbow table collision database algorithm is prevented from cracking the password. The software calls Baidu API and Alipay to implement the positioning function and the red envelope function. Use and-query to achieve conditional search add friend function. Software focuses on simplicity and utility, improving the practicality of communication and reducing overhead on redundant functions. 
